Run CoInitialize only once with STA, fixes opening the browse prompt (#3844)
OpenLoco/OpenLoco: CHANGELOG.md

26.07+ (???)
------------------------------------------------------------------------

> - Fix: [#3844] Native browse prompt not working preventing to select the Locomotion path on first start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#3842] Native browse prompt not working on Windows, preventing selecting the Locomotion path on first start.
```
#3842
